docs/resources/network_interface.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_network_interface Resource - openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A logic network.
---

# openwrt_network_interface (Resource)

A logic network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "openwrt_network_device" "br_testing" {
  id   = "br_testing"
  name = "br-testing"
  ports = [
    "eth0",
    "eth1",
    "eth2.20",
  ]
  type = "bridge"
}

resource "openwrt_network_interface" "testing" {
  device = openwrt_network_device.br_testing.name
  dns = [
    "9.9.9.9",
    "1.1.1.1",
  ]
  id      = "testing"
  ipaddr  = "192.168.3.1"
  netmask = "255.255.255.0"
  proto   = "static"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device` (String) Name of the (physical or virtual) device. This name is what the device is known as in LuCI or the `name` field in Terraform. This is not the UCI config name.
- `proto` (String) The protocol type of the interface. Currently, only "dhcp, and "static" are supported.

### Optional

- `auto` (Boolean) Specifies whether to bring up this interface on boot.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disables this interface.
- `dns` (List of String) DNS servers
- `gateway` (String) Gateway of the interface
- `id` (String) Name of the section. This name is only used when interacting with UCI directly.
- `ip6assign` (Number) Delegate a prefix of given length to this interface
- `ipaddr` (String) IP address of the interface
- `macaddr` (String) Override the MAC Address of this interface.
- `metric` (Number) Set the metric value for this interface for routing priority.
- `mtu` (Number) Override the default MTU on this interface.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask of the interface
- `peerdns` (Boolean) Use DHCP-provided DNS servers.
- `reqaddress` (String) Behavior for requesting address. Can only be one of "force", "try", or "none".
- `reqprefix` (String) Behavior for requesting prefixes. Currently, only "auto" is supported.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Find the Terraform id is the same as the UCI name from LuCI's JSON-RPC API.
# It is also generally the lower-cased version of the interface name in LuCI's web UI.
# One way to find this information is with `curl` and `jq`:
#
# curl \
#     --data '{"id": 0, "method": "foreach", "params": ["network", "interface"]}' \
#     http://192.168.1.1/cgi-bin/luci/rpc/uci?auth=$AUTH_TOKEN \
#     | jq '.result | map(.[".name"])'
#
# This command will output something like:
#
# [
#   "loopback",
#   "wan",
#   "wan6"
# ]
#
# We'd then use the information to import the appropriate resource:

terraform import openwrt_network_interface.loopback loopback
```

Commit message:

Remove unsupported data field from network interface model

docs/resources/network_interface.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openwrt_network_interface Resource - openwrt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A logic network.
---

# openwrt_network_interface (Resource)

A logic network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "openwrt_network_device" "br_testing" {
  id   = "br_testing"
  name = "br-testing"
  ports = [
    "eth0",
    "eth1",
    "eth2.20",
  ]
  type = "bridge"
}

resource "openwrt_network_interface" "testing" {
  device = openwrt_network_device.br_testing.name
  dns = [
    "9.9.9.9",
    "1.1.1.1",
  ]
  id      = "testing"
  ipaddr  = "192.168.3.1"
  netmask = "255.255.255.0"
  proto   = "static"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device` (String) Name of the (physical or virtual) device. This name is what the device is known as in LuCI or the `name` field in Terraform. This is not the UCI config name.
- `proto` (String) The protocol type of the interface. Currently, only "dhcp, and "static" are supported.

### Optional

- `auto` (Boolean) Specifies whether to bring up this interface on boot.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disables this interface.
- `dns` (List of String) DNS servers
- `gateway` (String) Gateway of the interface
- `id` (String) Name of the section. This name is only used when interacting with UCI directly.
- `ip6assign` (Number) Delegate a prefix of given length to this interface
- `ipaddr` (String) IP address of the interface
- `macaddr` (String) Override the MAC Address of this interface.
- `metric` (Number) Set the metric value for this interface for routing priority.
- `mtu` (Number) Override the default MTU on this interface.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask of the interface
- `peerdns` (Boolean) Use DHCP-provided DNS servers.
- `reqaddress` (String) Behavior for requesting address. Can only be one of "force", "try", or "none".
- `reqprefix` (String) Behavior for requesting prefixes. Currently, only "auto" is supported.

### Read-Only

- `ipv4_addresses` (List of String) IPv4 addresses assigned to the interface
- `up` (Boolean) Whether the interface is up
- `pending` (Boolean) Whether the interface is pending
- `available` (Boolean) Whether the interface is available
- `autostart` (Boolean) Whether the interface starts automatically
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Whether the interface is dynamically created
- `uptime` (Number) Time since the interface was brought up
- `l3_device` (String) Name of the layer 3 device
- `ifname` (String) Name of the interface
- `updated` (Number) Last update time
- `dns_metric` (Number) DNS metric
- `dns_server` (List of String) DNS servers provided by the interface
- `dns_search` (List of String) DNS search domains
- `ipv6_prefix` (List of String) IPv6 prefixes assigned to the interface
- `ipv6_prefix_assignment` (List of String) IPv6 prefix assignments
- `route` (List of String) Routes associated with the interface
- `errors` (List of String) Errors reported by the interface
- `rx_bytes` (Number) Number of received bytes
- `tx_bytes` (Number) Number of transmitted bytes
- `rx_packets` (Number) Number of received packets
- `tx_packets` (Number) Number of transmitted packets
- `interface` (String) Interface name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Find the Terraform id is the same as the UCI name from LuCI's JSON-RPC API.
# It is also generally the lower-cased version of the interface name in LuCI's web UI.
# One way to find this information is with `curl` and `jq`:
#
# curl \
#     --data '{"id": 0, "method": "foreach", "params": ["network", "interface"]}' \
#     http://192.168.1.1/cgi-bin/luci/rpc/uci?auth=$AUTH_TOKEN \
#     | jq '.result | map(.[".name"])'
#
# This command will output something like:
#
# [
#   "loopback",
#   "wan",
#   "wan6"
# ]
#
# We'd then use the information to import the appropriate resource:

terraform import openwrt_network_interface.loopback loopback
```
